.TH "oggz-diff" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggz-diff \(em Hexdump the packets of two Ogg files and output differences 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-diff\fR [options]  [OGGZDUMP_OPTIONS]  [DIFF_OPTIONS] file1.ogg file2.ogg  
.PP 
\fB\fBoptions:\fR\fR [\-\-verbose ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]  [\-h  | \-\-help ]  
.PP 
\fB\fBOGGZDUMP_OPTIONS:\fR\fR [\-b  | \-\-binary ]  [\-x  | \-\-hexadecimal ]  [\-c content-type  | \-\-content-type content-type ]  [\-s serialno  | \-\-serialno serialno ]  [\-O  | \-\-hide-offset ]  [\-S  | \-\-hide-serialno ]  [\-G  | \-\-hide-granulepos ]  [\-P  | \-\-hide-packetno ]  
.PP 
\fB\fBDIFF_OPTIONS:\fR\fR [\-q  | \-\-brief ]  [\-C NUM  | \-\-context[=NUM] ]  [\-u  | \-U NUM  | \-\-unified[=NUM] ]  [\-e  | \-\-ed ]  [\-\-normal ]  [\-\-rcs ]  [\-y  | \-\-side-by-side ]  [\-l  | \-\-paginate ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-diff\fR is a \fBsh\fR script which 
uses \fBoggz-dump\fR to generate hexadecimal packet dumps 
of each input file, then outputs the difference between these dumps 
using \fBdiff\fR. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-diff\fR forwards a subset of options 
accepted by \fBoggz-dump\fR and \fBdiff\fR. 
See 
\fBoggz-dump\fP\fB(1)\fP and 
\fBdiff\fP\fB(1)\fP for more detail. 
 
.SS "oggz-dump format options" 
.IP "\-b, \-\-binary" 10 
Generate a binary dump of each packet 
 
.IP "\-x, \-\-hexadeciaml" 10 
Generate a hexadecimal dump of each packet 
 
.SS "oggz-dump filtering options" 
.IP "\-c \fBcontent-type\fR, \-\-content-type \fBcontent-type\fR" 10 
Dump only the logical bitstreams for a specific 
\fBcontent-type\fR.
Run \fBoggz-known-codecs\fP\fB(1)\fP for a full list
of codecs known by the installed version of oggz.
 
.IP "\-s \fBserialno\fR, \-\-serialno \fBserialno\fR" 10 
Dump only the logical bitstream with specified 
\fBserialno\fR. 
 
.IP "\-O, \-\-hide-offset" 10 
Hide the byte offset field of the preamble for 
each packet dumped. This is particularly useful when comparing 
Ogg bitstreams that differ only in page structure. 
 
.IP "\-S, \-\-hide-serialno" 10 
Hide the serialno field of the preamble for 
each packet dumped. This is particularly useful when comparing 
Ogg bitstreams that differ only in serialno assignment. 
 
.IP "\-G, \-\-hide-granulepos" 10 
Hide the granulepos field of the preamble for 
each packet dumped. 
 
.IP "\-P, \-\-hide-packetno" 10 
Hide the packetno field of the preamble for 
each packet dumped. 
 
.SS "diff options" 
.PP 
The \-w (\-\-ignore-all-space) option to \fBdiff\fR 	is always implied. 
 
.IP "\-q, \-\-brief" 10 
Output only whether files differ. 
 
.IP "\-C \fBNUM\fR, \-\-context[=\fBNUM\fR]" 10 
Output NUM lines of copied context. 
 
.IP "\-u, \-U \fBNUM\fR, \-\-unified[=\fBNUM\fR]" 10 
Output NUM (default 3) lines of unified context. 
 
.IP "\-e, \-\-ed" 10 
Output an ed script. 
 
.IP "\-\-normal" 10 
Output a normal diff. 
 
.IP "\-\-rcs" 10 
Output an RCS format diff. 
 
.IP "\-y, \-\-side-by-side" 10 
Output in two columns. 
 
.IP "\-l, \-\-paginate" 10 
Pass the output through \fBpr\fR to 
paginate it. 
 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "\-\-verbose" 10 
Display verbose messages. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Display version information and exit. 
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Conrad Parker       
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2003 CSIRO Australia 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-dump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBdiff\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBpatch\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 23 Feb 2009, 12:35 
