.TH "oggz" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggz \(em inspect and manipulate Ogg multimedia files 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggz\fRhelp \fBcommand\fR command \fBargs\fR  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggz\fR is a suite of tools for manipulating 
Ogg multimedia files. 
It supports multiplexed files conformant with RFC3533. Oggz can parse headers for 
CELT, CMML, Dirac, FLAC, Kate, PCM, Speex, Theora and Vorbis, and can read and write 
Ogg Skeleton logical bitstreams. 
 
.SH "Commands" 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBhelp\fRDisplay help for a specific subcommand (eg. "oggz help chop") 
.SS "Reporting" 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBdiff\fRHexdump the packets of two Ogg files and output differences. 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBdump\fRHexdump packets of an Ogg file, or revert an Ogg file from such a hexdump. 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBinfo\fRDisplay information about one or more Ogg files and their bitstreams. 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBscan\fRScan an Ogg file and output characteristic landmarks. 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBvalidate\fRValidate the Ogg framing of one or more files. 
.SS "Extraction" 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBrip\fRExtract one or more logical bitstreams from an Ogg file. 
.SS "Editing" 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBchop\fRExtract the part of an Ogg file between given start and/or end times. 
.IP "   \(bu" 6 
\fBcomment\fRList or edit comments in an Ogg file. 
\fBmerge\fRMerge Ogg files together, interleaving pages in order of presentation time.\fBsort\fRSort the pages of an Ogg file in order of presentation time. 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggz\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Conrad Parker        July  9, 2008;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2008 Annodex Association 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBogginfo\fP\fB(1)\fP       \fBhogg\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Tue 14 Apr 2009, 16:08 
