.TH "oggz-merge" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggz-merge \(em Merge Ogg files together, interleaving pages in order of 
presentation time. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-merge\fR [\-o \fBfilename\fR  | \-\-output \fBfilename\fR ] filename \&...  
.PP 
\fBoggz-merge\fR [\-h  | \-\-help ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-merge\fR merges Ogg files together, interleaving 
pages in order of presentation time.
It correctly interprets the granulepos timestamps of
Ogg CELT, CMML, Dirac, FLAC, Kate, PCM, Speex, Theora and Vorbis
bitstreams.
Run \fBoggz-known-codecs\fP\fB(1)\fP for a full list
of codecs known by the installed version of oggz.
 
.PP 
For example, if you have an Ogg Theora video file, and its soundtrack 
stored separately as an Ogg Speex audio file, and you can use 
\fBoggz-merge\fR to create a single Ogg file containing 
the video and audio, interleaved together in parallel. 
 
.PP 
Similarly, using \fBoggz-merge\fR on a collection of Ogg 
Vorbis audio files will create a big Ogg file with all the songs in 
parallel, ie. interleaved for simultaneous playback. Such a file is 
proper Ogg, but not "Ogg Vorbis I" \-\- the Ogg Vorbis I specification 
defines an Ogg Vorbis file as an Ogg file containing only one Vorbis 
track at a time (ie. no parallel multiplexing). Many music players 
(which use libvorbisfile) aren't designed to play multitrack Ogg files. 
In general however, video players, and anything built on a multimedia 
framework (like GStreamer, DirectShow etc.) will probably be able to 
handle such files. 
 
.PP 
If you want to create a file containing some Ogg files sequenced one 
after another, then you should simply concatenate them together using 
\fBcat\fR. In Ogg this is called "chaining". If you cat 
Ogg Vorbis I audio files together, then the result will also be a 
compliant Ogg Vorbis file. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-merge\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "\-o \fBfilename\fR, \-\-output \fBfilename\fR" 10 
Write output to the specified 
\fBfilename\fR instead of printing it to 
standard output. 
 
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Merge pages of audio.oga and video.ogv:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz merge \-o output.ogv audio.oga video.ogv\fP
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Conrad Parker        September 21, 2004;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2004 CSIRO Australia 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBcat\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-rip\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-dump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-diff\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBhogg\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 23 Feb 2009, 12:35 
