.TH "oggz-info" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggz-info \(em Display information about one or more Ogg files and their bitstreams. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-info\fR [\-l  | \-\-length ]  [\-b  | \-\-bitrate ]  [\-g  | \-\-page-stats ]  [\-p  | \-\-packet-stats ]  [\-k  | \-\-skeleton ]  [\-a  | \-\-all ] filename \&...  
.PP 
\fBoggz-info\fR [\-h  | \-\-help ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-info\fR displays information about one or more 
Ogg files and their bitstreams. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-info\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Display options" 
.IP "\-l, \-\-length" 10 
Display content lengths. 
.IP "\-b, \-\-bitrate" 10 
Display bitrate information. 
.IP "\-g, \-\-page-stats" 10 
Display Ogg page statistics. 
.IP "\-p, \-\-packet-stats" 10 
Display Ogg packet statistics. 
.IP "\-k, \-\-skeleton" 10 
Display Extra data from OggSkeleton bitstream. 
.IP "\-a, \-\-all" 10 
Display all information. 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 
.SH "Units of measurement" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-info\fR displays information using the 
following units: 
 
.SS "Byte lengths" 
.IP "bytes" 10 
(8 bits) 
.IP "kB" 10 
kilobytes (1024 bytes) 
.IP "MB" 10 
megabytes (1024*1024 bytes) 
.IP "GB" 10 
gigabytes (1024*1024*1024 bytes) 
.SS "Bitrates" 
.IP "bps" 10 
bits per second (bit/s) 
.IP "kbps" 10 
kilobits per second (1000 bit/s) 
.IP "Mbps" 10 
megabits per second (1000000 bit/s) 
.IP "Gbps" 10 
gigabits per second (1000000000 bit/s) 

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Describe all bitstreams in file.ogg:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz info file.ogg\fP
.RE
.PP
Describe only the Theora bitstream in file.ogv:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz info \-c theora file.ogv\fP
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Conrad Parker        March 10, 2005;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2005 CSIRO Australia 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-dump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-rip\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-diff\fP\fB(1)\fP       \fBhogg\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 23 Feb 2009, 12:35 
