.TH "oggz-comment" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggz-comment \(em List or edit comments in an Ogg file. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-comment\fR [\-l  | \-\-list ]  
.PP 
\fBoggz-comment\fR [\-o \fBfilename\fR  | \-\-output \fBfilename\fR ]  [\-d  | \-\-delete ]  [\-a  | \-\-all ]  [\-s \fBserialno\fR  | \-\-serialno \fBserialno\fR ]  [\-c \fBcontent-type\fR  | \-\-content-type \fBcontent-type\fR ] filename  
.PP 
\fBoggz-comment\fR [\-h  | \-\-help ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-comment\fR lists or edits the comments of 
an Ogg file. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-comment\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Listing options" 
.IP "\-l, \-\-list" 10 
List the comments in the given file. 
.SS "Editing options" 
.IP "\-o \fBfilename\fR, \-\-output \fBfilename\fR" 10 
Write output to the specified 
\fBfilename\fR. 
 
.IP "\-d, \-\-delete" 10 
Delete comments before editing. 
.IP "\-a, \-\-all" 10 
Edit comments for all logical bitstreams. 
.IP "\-c \fBcontent-type\fR, \-\-content-type \fBcontent-type\fR" 10 
Edit comments of the logical bitstreams with 
specified \fBcontent-type\fR. 
Run \fBoggz-known-codecs\fP\fB(1)\fP for a full list
of codecs known by the installed version of oggz.
 
.IP "\-s \fBserialno\fR, \-\-serialno \fBserialno\fR" 10 
Edit comments of the logical bitstream with 
specified \fBserialno\fR. 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
List all comments in file.ogg:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz comment \-l file.ogg\fP
.RE
.PP
List only the comments in the Theora bitstream in file.ogv:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz comment \-l \-c theora file.ogv\fP
.RE
.PP
Add the comment "GENRE=Rock" to the Vorbis bitstream of file.ogv,
writing output to output.ogv:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz comment \-c vorbis \-o output.ogv file.ogg GENRE=Rock\fP
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Kangyuan Niu        August  5, 2007;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2007 Annodex Association 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBvorbiscomment\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBogginfo\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-info\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBhogg\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 23 Feb 2009, 12:35 
