.TH "oggz-sort" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggz-sort \(em Sort the pages of an Ogg file in order of presentation time. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-sort\fR [\-o \fBfilename\fR  | \-\-output \fBfilename\fR ] filename  
.PP 
\fBoggz-sort\fR [\-h  | \-\-help ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-sort\fR sorts an Ogg file, interleaving 
pages in order of presentation time.
It correctly interprets the granulepos timestamps of
Ogg CELT, CMML, Dirac, FLAC, Kate, PCM, Speex, Theora and Vorbis
bitstreams.
Run \fBoggz-known-codecs\fP\fB(1)\fP for a full list
of codecs known by the installed version of oggz.
 
.PP 
Some encoders produce files with incorrect page ordering; for example, 
some audio and video pages may occur out of order. Although these files 
are usually playable, it can be difficult to accurately seek or scrub  
on them, increasing the likelihood of glitches during playback. 
Players may also need to use more memory in order to buffer the audio 
and video data for synchronized playback, which can be a problem when 
the files are viewed on low-memory devices. 
 
.PP 
Some older Ogg encoders also produce pages which incorrectly have 
granulepos timestamps recorded that shouldn't be: pages which have no 
completed packets must have a granulepos of \-1. 
\fBoggz-sort\fR will correct such granulepos during the 
process of sorting. 
 
.PP 
The tool \fBoggz-validate\fR can be used to check the 
relative ordering of packets in a file, and also to detect incorrect 
granulepos on pages with no completed packets. If either of these errors 
are reported, or use \fBoggz-sort\fR to fix the problem. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-sort\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Miscellaneous options" 
.IP "\-o \fBfilename\fR, \-\-output \fBfilename\fR" 10 
Write output to the specified 
\fBfilename\fR instead of printing it to 
standard output. 
 
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Correct the page ordering in broken.ogv:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz sort \-o fixed.ogv broken.ogv\fP
.RE

.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Conrad Parker        January 25, 2008;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2008 Annodex Association 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-validate\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-merge\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-dump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-diff\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBhogg\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 23 Feb 2009, 12:35 
