.TH "oggz-chop" "1" 
.SH "NAME" 
oggz-chop \(em Extract the part of an Ogg file between given start and/or end times. 
 
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-chop\fR [\-o \fBfilename\fR  | \-\-output \fBfilename\fR ]  [\-s \fBstart_time\fR  | \-\-start \fBstart_time\fR ]  [\-e \fBend_time\fR  | \-\-end \fBend_time\fR ]  [\-k  | \-\-no-skeleton ] filename  
.PP 
\fBoggz-chop\fR [\-h  | \-\-help ]  [\-v  | \-\-version ]  
.SH "Description" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-chop\fR chops a section of an Ogg file. 
It correctly interprets the granulepos timestamps of
Ogg CELT, CMML, Dirac, FLAC, Kate, PCM, Speex, Theora and Vorbis
bitstreams.
Run \fBoggz-known-codecs\fP\fB(1)\fP for a full list
of codecs known by the installed version of oggz.
 
.PP 
The output file contains copies of the headers of the input file, and 
all the codec data required to correctly decode the content between the 
start and end times specified on the commandline. For codecs with data 
dependencies like video keyframes, the keyframe prior to the starting 
time will be included in the output. 
 
.PP 
Note that \fBoggz-chop\fR operates by copying pages of  
Ogg data; it does not strip partial packets from the first or last 
data page included in the output. It does however ensure to set the 
end of stream flag on the last page of each logical bitstream. 
 
.PP 
Skeleton handling: By default, the output will contain a Skeleton track 
specifying the start of the chop as presentation time. 
 
.SH "Options" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-chop\fR accepts the following options: 
 
.SS "Output options" 
.IP "\-o \fBfilename\fR, \-\-output \fBfilename\fR" 10 
Write output to the specified 
\fBfilename\fR instead of printing it to 
standard output. 
 
.IP "\-s \fBstart_time\fR, \-\-start \fBstart_time\fR" 10 
Specify the start time of the chopped section to output. 
 
.IP "\-e \fBend_time\fR, \-\-end \fBend_time\fR" 10 
Specify the end time of the chopped section to output. 
 
.IP "\-k , \-\-no-skeleton" 10 
Do NOT include a Skeleton bitstream in the output. 
 
.IP "\-h, \-\-help" 10 
Display usage information and exit. 
.IP "\-v, \-\-version" 10 
Output version information and exit. 

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Extract the first minute of file.ogx:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz chop \-e 1:00 file.ogx\fP
.RE
.PP
Extract from the second to the fifth minute of file.ogx:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz chop \-s 2:00 \-e 5:00 \-o output.ogx file.ogx\fP
.RE
.PP
Extract, specifying SMPTE-25 frame offsets:
.PP
.RS
\f(CWoggz chop \-s smpte\-25:00:02:03::12 \-e smpte\-25:00:05:02::04 \-o output.ogv file.ogv\fP
.RE


.SH "Server configuration" 
.PP 
The following configuration for Apache httpd will enable oggz-chop. As with 
most Apache directives, this may of course be restricted to particular 
Directories or Locations: 
.PP 
ScriptAlias /oggz-chop /usr/bin/oggz-chop 
 
.PP 
Action application/ogg /oggz-chop 
 
.SS "HTTP/1.1 Cacheability" 
.PP 
oggz-chop generates Last-Modified HTTP headers, and 
responds correctly to If-Modified-Since conditional GET requests.  
 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
Conrad Parker        February 25, 2008;      
.SH "COPYRIGHT" 
.PP 
Copyright \(co 2008 Annodex Association 
 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
\fBoggz-validate\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-merge\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBoggz-dump\fP\fB(1)\fP, 
\fBhogg\fP\fB(1)\fP      
.\" created by instant / docbook-to-man, Mon 23 Feb 2009, 12:35 
